docs: aks-ubuntu-18.04 is default distro (#3317)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/topics/clusterdefinitions.md

| osType                                                         | no                                                                   | Specifies the agent pool's Operating System. Supported values are `Windows` and `Linux`. Defaults to `Linux`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | distro                                                         | no                                                                   | Specifies the masters' Linux distribution. Currently supported values are: `ubuntu`, `ubuntu-18.04`, `aks-ubuntu-16.04` (previously `aks`), `aks-ubuntu-18.04`, and `ubuntu-18.04-gen2` (Ubuntu 18.04-LTS running on a [Generation 2 VM](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/generation-2)). For Azure Public Cloud, Azure US Government Cloud, and Azure China Cloud, defaults to `aks-ubuntu-18.04`, except for GPU-backed VMs, which only work with Ubuntu 16.04-LTS. For Sovereign Clouds, the default is `ubuntu-18.04`. `aks-ubuntu-18.04` is a custom image based on `ubuntu-18.04` that comes with pre-installed software necessary for Kubernetes deployments. |

Reviewer: there is a pre-existing typo here, this should be:
```suggestion
| distro                                                         | no                                                                   | Specifies the agent pool's Linux distribution. Currently supported values are: `ubuntu`, `ubuntu-18.04`, `aks-ubuntu-16.04` (previously `aks`), `aks-ubuntu-18.04`, and `ubuntu-18.04-gen2` (Ubuntu 18.04-LTS running on a [Generation 2 VM](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/generation-2)). For Azure Public Cloud, Azure US Government Cloud, and Azure China Cloud, defaults to `aks-ubuntu-18.04`, except for GPU-backed VMs, which only work with Ubuntu 16.04-LTS. For Sovereign Clouds, the default is `ubuntu-18.04`. `aks-ubuntu-18.04` is a custom image based on `ubuntu-18.04` that comes with pre-installed software necessary for Kubernetes deployments. |
```
